what no you fucking cocksucker dude get
away from me money Marvin oh fuck down
oh do come on I can't even get out of
the fucking pistol class cuz then fuck
it dude oh no oh you cocksucking fucking
queer fuck you Yeti kratzke motherfucker
this the food fuck you money more than
you p saying there's no good fuckers
night me twice fucking
oh that's what you wanted me to speak oh
weird watch out watch out for fucking
money Marvin he's just sitting there
Nathan I'm not one thing that money
fucker kicking go to hell oh I hate you
now Oh hates you i hate you go rot in a
grave yeah Oh money Marvin fucker just
named me Oh fucking guy nice me ah you
gettin spawned away from everybody oh
come on fucker why are you Nathan for
rocketed me off oh my gosh ah fucker he
named me again oh not this time buddy
him he tried to do it to me I shot him
ah fuck off muffin juicy bit of bitch oh
come on Monty Marvin come on bro don't
fucking run around at night that's that
dirt shit you're a bitch did you can
port me if you want you're a bitch oh
are you serious dude you couldn't kill
me oh you're a fucking bitch did you run
up behind somebody they don't know
you're there any knife obviously like
that hey don't worry about it i got
enough followers all fucking having band
hold with the photo noise in there
that's the next argument for all bags
there you go Marvin hey babe meh real
quick i write this guy's name down real
quick funny thing the money one
uh uh money Marvin make sure you get the
spelling right too I'm gonna have all my
boys from fucking and now here you go
dude let's do twice I get money Marvin a
capital m capital o anyone shut the fuck
up fuck and we'll try both will try both
of them Apatow m capital o + ey capital
am a RV is a headshot did that's nice
jump back on the other game i'll go
ahead and have all this costume this is
really how we live